Add a warning about re-using agent names (#476)
jenkinsci/remoting: docs/inbound-agent.md

> The long string of hex digits is a secret key that the client needs to establish the connection. 
> Depending on how you connect you may also need the agent name, "AgentName" in this example, or the (misnamed) jnlpUrl, "https://myjenkins.example.com/computer/AgentName/jenkins-agent.jnlp".
> 
> **Security Warning**: The secret key is actually not created randomly but implemented as a MAC of the agent name. This means that even when deleting and creating a new agent, the secret will not change if the agent name stays the same. If you assume a secret is compromised, it is therefore crucial to avoid re-using the compromised agent's name.
> 

Reviewer: This reads like an obvious "patch" to the existing documentation (admonition format, self-contained paragraph). This would be better off integrated with existing docs. How about this?

```suggestion
The long string of hex digits is a secret key that the client needs to establish the connection. 
This key is based on the agent name and a per-instance secret.
Depending on how you connect you may also need the agent name, "AgentName" in this example, or the (misnamed) jnlpUrl, "https://myjenkins.example.com/computer/AgentName/jenkins-agent.jnlp".

Note that the secret key will always be the same for a given agent name on the same Jenkins instance.
If the secret key of an agent is compromised, do not reuse the agent name on the affected Jenkins instance.

```

Given this warns about something that wasn't claimed anywhere, it also seems a bit much to emphasize it so strongly.

Reviewer 2: I would say _per-controller_; not sure if readers will understand what an _instance_ is.
